ADVERTISEMENTS.

TIFFANY & (10.,
lMPORTERS 86 MANUFABTURERS,

N6. 550 Broadway New York,
And Rue Richelieu, No. 79, Paris,

" In calling attention to their stock, beg to present to the notiCe 01 their
'. friends and the public the following facts: That their importations and
manufactures in pGrold and Silver comprise a more extensive variety
.‘ than any other house 111. the same line—that their foreign connections,
of which their P111 is house is the focal centre, giV es them extraordinary
facilities for the SelectIOn 51‘. their general stock, and the execution of
special orders—that it is their determination, as it is their interest, to
make reasonable charges as prominent a feature of their establishment
as the beauty and vaiiety 01 their stock. .

Diamonds, and other Precious Stones. Fine Jewelry . C. Frod-

sham‘ 8, Cooper s, Jules J uroensen ’,s and Patek Philippe 65300 s
Watches. Silver Wa1e, Plated Ware, Table Cutlery , Clocks, Bronzes,
Artistic Gas Fixtures, Desks, Dressing Cases, Work Boxes, J ewcl
Boxes, Fans, Rich Porcelain, and many other articles of art and luxury.

Every a1t1cle is marked' 111 plain ﬁgures the Lowest Price at which
it will be sold. T. & Co. cordially extend to strangers, as well as the
resident public, an invitation to inspect their stock, assuring them that

a call will. incur not the least obligation to purchase.

- FRANCIS "s: LOUTREL,
' No. 45 MAIDEN LANE,
BLANK BOOKS, PAPER, AND STATIONERY,

Steam Job Printers, Lithographers, and Bookbinders.

{Having ﬁtted up the entire building with every convenience for our
business, new and improved Machinery, Steam Poner Presses, &c. ,‘
&c., we are enabled to execute any thing in our line in best style, at
low prices. Orders for books, p1inting, engraving, or lithog1aphio
work, receive our personal attention. Banks, Bankers, Insurance, and
;Public Ofﬁces; Merchants, Manufacturers; Steamers, Express Com-
panies, and others, supplied with Blank Books, Paper, and Stationery
of all kinds.
DIARIES and DAILY JOURNALS published Annually.
FRANCIS’ IMPROVED MANIFOLD LETTER WRITER, by
which letters and cepies 1119 written at the same time; Reports and
Tele rap h Books; Time and Work Books; Hotel Registers; E xl'erens
miy, and Gents Wash Books; Copying Presses; Seal and Card
Presses.
Country Merchants and those requiring Articles for their own
use, will pleasey cell and examine our Stock, embracing ever y thing in

our 1 me..-
I FRANCIS 82': LOUTREL, .
45 MAIDEN LANE, New York.

 

