ADVERTISEMENTS. ‘

Remittances may be made from any" section of the“ countrywith
entire assurance that all orderswm be faithfully and promptly‘at-
tended.“ to. Address V‘. B. PALMER, Newspaper Agent, New- York,
Tribune Buildings; Boston, Scollay’s Building, Court-st; Pﬁiladel-n
phia, N. W. corner of Third and Chestnut-Ste. ' ’ I

Ashe has no connection "With any other person, all communicasw
tions and orders intended for the Agency should be directed to V. B.
PALMER. [13> To prevent imposition, the-public have been repeat— '

, edly. cautioned against (the acts of imitators and pretended Agents,
who infest some of the cities. ,, ' , =

OPINIONS “QFXTHE PRESS.

This old established Agency continues to enjoy the full conﬁdence of the press and th
public. Whatever is entrusted to Mr. P., or his agents, is promptly attended to, and as '
the Press is under ve , great obligations to him, we are happy to know that he is enjoy-
ing the unlimited con dence, as he deserves the good wishes, of those whOm he has so “
lonIg and so faithfuﬁ‘y served.—Albany Evening Journal. ‘ ’ .. _ ' _

0 such of our country cotemporaries as have not secured the services Of an advertisL
ing agent in New York, we commend the old and well established agency of Mr. V». B. . 7
Palmer in the Tribune Buildings. His business relations extend to nearly the entire '
ress of the country, and the promptitude with which his accounts are always adjusted, /
as secured for him the conﬁdence of those who have had transactions with him. Mr. .
Palmer also has agencies in Boston and, Philadelphia..——Buﬁalo Courier. . ‘ ' _

From an intimate acquaintance with, Mr. Palmer, we are prepared to say that an i z . , '
business connected with the Agencies which he advertises, will, be both promptly an -
honorablytransacted.’ In the matter of Newspaper Agencies, he has reduced the busi»
uses to such an admirable system that all parties. can hardly fail to be satisﬁed.—-N. Y.-
Daily’Tribune. . , . - , r, . ’ ' , ' 1,

Mr. Palmer has, by dint of great energy and indefatigable industry, succeeded in or» -
ganizing this agency, and accomplishing, by means of it, objects that were deemed alto-rs -

_ ther chimerical'when it was ﬁrst commenced. His success has raised up a number of
imitatOrs, who now advertise Newspaper Agencies in the Eastern cities. Mr. Palmer is no
m connected w‘ b any of these. Having the most unlimited conﬁdence in. his capacity

V inte rity; he s fully authorized to make all necessary contracts as Agent for this..-
paper. , _ . 9 Wish it to be distinctly understood, that we have no other Agent in either of
the cities of N ew-York, Philadelphia, or Boston, and. that all/inguiriesuelative’ to, such

: contracts, coming from these cities, even although directed; to ourselves,_w1ll be referred .
to his Agency.e¢Louisville Democrat. ' ' _ ~ ,, . ' . . g .. 7 .7 . '

V.’ B. almer.’s planof a newsplaper agency for advertising. and subscriptions, isyd’e’:

. serving'of atronage, both fromt e public and from the country press. Mr. Palmer '
has acted or the Union for ﬁve years, and we bear willing“ testimony tohi s ﬁdelity and.
prromptness. We shall accept of no advertisements from any other agenciesin New

or]; orBostOn and feel bound to protect Mr. Palmer, as much as possible, from having“
the beneﬁts of rhis'plan taken from him by any one Who may have surreptitiously ayailed "
' himself- of the forms and. arrangements of Mr. Palmer, in the establishment Of a similar-
' agency.~:—-;S’aco (Maine) Union. ' " ' {mg ' . y ' a . ._ . 7 ., - " , . ,
V._ B. Palmer, Tribune Buildings, is ouronly Agent in New-York. Wema’ke thisjans
nouncement in answer to several applications for that urpose.——Mowistown Jerseyman.
V. B. Palmer is our only Agent in Boston, N ew-Yor ', &c.' Noattention will be paid
to anyother Agency in the above cities—Bangor Democrat. . v -' ' v . _

. We have been humbugged all we ever shall be, by Eastern Agents; and now Want it. , '
distinctly understood, that we shall insert no advertisements, hereafter unless accomp‘a- " ‘
nied- b the money, as per terms in our aper, unless received through V. B’.‘ Palmer,
our. on y autkorized Agent in New-York, oston and Philadelphia—Monroe Gourmercial.

0m- Agency.—-V. B. Palmer, the w 11 known and enterprising American Newspa er
Agent, has been .deputed by us to pro ure subscriptions and advertisements for the e»
oorder/in the cities of New-York, Bost n- and Philadelphia, whOse every actin reference
to the above will be binding on us.-—Bro‘ckoille (0am) Recorder. .. ' ‘: ' s”:
V. B. Palmer is our only authorized Agent" in Boston: N ew-York orl Philadelphia, to t“
receive advertisemsnts, and we shall not accept of any coming from other‘pers'c The '
country press hasbeen most wofully'humbugged in days gone by, and we ’ ‘ ' '
to been the safe side in future. Our eyes have been '0 sued to fj-li
thisbubject, and we surmise we arenot the only one who as hadhis ﬁn . . . ‘
would heresay, to -,.-~-- ~—-—, of - , if he will pass his advertisement, into our " ‘gent’s
oﬁlce, and Mr. Palmer says that itis “all right/{we will insert it according to order.
If not, do not trouble us again.-‘—-Elmira Democrat. g - ' 7 ' V 7 "5 - i -

 

