. V
t

. g; ADVER'I‘ISEMEN’I'S. Vii

W

moutttblinetgemelrtp. .

THIS new and beautiful Rural Cemetery is situated near Mas-
peth, L'. I.,.about three miles from the ferries at Williamsburgh;
the plank road to N ewtown passes close to the entrance, and it is
accessible by numerous turnpike and other roads. The grounds
are elegantly diversiﬁed; the soil is dry and 'well adapted to the
purpose, and the trustees have spared no pains or expense to make
it worthy the approbation of all who may desire a suitable resting—
place for the unmolested repose of the dead.

pURIA‘L' PLATS.

The ordinary size of a lot is 16 by 20, containing 320 feet superfi~
cial measure, in addition to which a foot is, allowed on the margin,
all around,:for purposes of inclosure ; making the lot in effect, 18 by
22, to contain 396 superﬁcial feet; with further space on the border
of the leading avenues, for ornamental purposes and a pathway of
four feet for inside lots.» ‘ . .

, PRICE oFV’LoTs. ,
A lot of ordinary size, or ‘20 by: 16 feet, bounded by a prin-

cipal aVenue, walk or path, is. . y . . _ . . $50 00
Half lots . . . ’ 30 00

An inside lot of ordinary‘size‘ ' . . . . . . i . 40 00

Half lots 25 00

Lots of other dimensions at proportionate rates.
\Vhen, however, four, or more,,lots of ordinary size are taken, at
one time, by one, or more persons, in a group, they are sold at $45
each for avenue lots, and $35 each for those inside.
Grading in all cases, per lot, $55, which includes every charge for
grading and keeping the grounds or lots in order, except for such
work as shall be specially directed by lot proprietors.

GRAVES IN PUBLIC FLATS,

(And which are allowed to be used for subsequent interments without
any other charge than the usual one for opening,) .

Are furnished at $8, $10, and $12 each for adults, and $4, $5, and
$6 for children under 10 years of age. A receiving tomb is pro-
vided for temporary interments.

(I? Descriptive pamphlets, and all other information desired, may
e had on application at the ofﬁce,
' NO. 634‘ BROAD WAY, .
‘ or to the Keeper at the Cemetery.
o FFICERs,—N0AH WATERBURY, Esq, President.
' Rev. SAM’L M. HASKINS, Vice-President.
JAMES MAURICE, Esq., Treasurer.
IDAVID LONGWORTH, Secretary and General Agent.

 

