ADVERTISEMENTS.

, EAUTION 10 1111 PUBLIC.

_,’Ly011 8 Magnetic Powders,

MAGNET” F01 the destruction of

wa‘f'ng'a Bed-Bugs, Cockroaches, Moths, Ants,
. - Fleas, Flies, 8w. .
BROADWAY ﬁnd Insects on Plants, and all other Insects.

HAS prompted certain parties to prepare spurious articles, and offe ,
them under various denominations for sale. Fe 11* of these individ

uals dared to give their impositions out as “free of poison.” The ,
proprietor of the original article has, in this city, only the under-

mentioned agents, and the principal Depot is 4:24 Broadway, whei -
also may be cobtained PILLS for the instantaneous destruction 0'

Rats and Mice. Both articles are warranted, and their efﬁcacy has]
been tried by the following gentlemen: -—
Lawrence Reid, Esq, Professor of Chemistry.
D. D. Howard, Esq, Irving House.

Coleman & Stetson, Astor House.

S. Thay er Cozzens, Esq., late of American Hotel.
Preston H. Hodg ges, E.sq ., Carlton House.

J. L. Roome, Esq. ., Superintendent New-York Hospital.

Valentine Mott, M. D, Professor and President of the New-
York Medical Academy

And many of the most eminent Physicians 1n this city.
It has also received the First Premium of the Ameiican Institute

READ THE FOLLOWING LETTERS.

NEW- YORK, October 1,1850. .
I have made a chemical examination of the Vegetable Powder

prepared by Mr. Emanuel Lyon, for the p111pose of destroying 1n-

sects. I do not ﬁnd it to contain anything deleterious to health, 01

- What might be considered poisonous to the human species, but it is '
.very destructive to insects, whenever they are forced to ii1hale the

ﬁne pa1ticles or dust occasioned by throwing the Powder forcibly

in places Where they frequent.

JAMES R. CHILTON, M. D., Chemist.

New- York Hosphtal Ju1169,1850. ~
I have analyzed Emanuel Lyon’ s Magnetic Powder, for the de-

struction of insects, and certify that it is entirely free from mineral
or other conosive poison. As the result of my examination, I
_ would say that it is a combination of various vegetable substances
having a peculiar inﬂuence 011 the insect kingdom, and that 1 ma
be used with perfect safety. In reference to its utility, its effects ar
astonishing. I believe it to be a skilfully prepared substan e by
which a valuable result is obtained, which does effect wh t M1
Lyon says, and 1s well deserving of public pationage.
LAWRENCE REID, ProfessortD of Chemis 1y.

0:? The genuine articles work within ﬁve minutes after apt lica

tion, thus every body will easily ﬁnd out impositions.

E. LEIGH, 424 Breadway, New-Yuri

 

