ADVERTISEMENTS-

»prittinttﬁ of. 152 ﬁrmer-committal).

. that it is one ofthe most c’omplete,Wellexecuted,-and voluminous Works

: ko'fthejkinti issued. It Contains 25,000 names and 133 large octavo pages,

-.“mo_r_e than any Other City Directory ever published. Also, Some very
_.5‘valuable statistical matter, useful to eVeryc‘lass of persons. For correct-r ,

_'nes_‘s,'f.as"far as we have eXamined it and are capable of judging, we are

f; inclined to believe it as near faultless as such aworkcan possibly begu-
itBroo/clyn Advocate- ‘ ' ' ' ' '

1 “.We are greatlyobliged to Mr. John F. ‘Trow, of 49 Ann-street, for a
copy of Wilson & Trow’s Directory for the city' of New-York for 1852-
’53, and ﬁnd'that this Directory contains a great number of names, which
we have lookedfor invain in the Directory of Mr. Rode, ' which we re-
‘ceived earlier. An Appendix contains very elaborate information respect-
ing the diﬁ'erentsocieties, consulates, &c. ;- andwe-would recommendall
business people to get this well-printed book, which also contains 25,000
names, and 133 agesgmore than any DirectOry that has ever been pub-
lished.”-—-New- orker, Handels Zez‘mmg, 5th June, 1852. . . -

, “ TRow’s NEW-YORK DIRECTORY. -- This valuable» and. important '
work, compiled by Mr. H. Wilson, and publishe‘dby John F. Trow,
49 Ann-street, made its appearance a few days ago. We have examined
it, and found it, so far as we can judge, perfectly correct. 'We commend
31 tlo' our citizens, as a work entitled to the most unlimited conﬁdence.”—
1 as. * i . . . ‘ ‘ I

- ' " “ WILSON -& TRow’s mummies—We have received from‘ihe pub-
lishers‘a’ copy of this valuable and reliable work. ' We observe that seye- _ ,
""3ral blunders and imperfections that were published in the Directory of ‘ _ .
‘ "lastyear‘, and which occasioned us. no little trouble, and annoyance, are '
sc‘orre'ctly stated in the new Directory of Messrs. Wilson &. Trow. ‘ We
have'also heard a number of oi1r mercantile friends speak. of it in terms
""equally”commendable. Mr. Trow has. every facility for getting up a.
- 'goodDirectory—eand for issuingit an early day ; facilities which, we feel
’ bound tojsay, the publisher of a rival Directory-does not possess... It
contains no less than 25,000 more names I-than any, other Director): ever
g published. Now, we would like to knowawhat utility or, beneﬁt ,"there
can, be in a work of reference that does not containthese twentyﬁve, -
’ reuscmd names?’ Such a publication must be well-nigh useless. - We. .
Ee pleased to learn that Messrs. Wilson & Trow’s Directory is meegn
‘th an extensive sale—and if its merits were more generallykmixivn an».
. preciated, the publisher would doubtless experience some difﬁculty
, supplying the demand. The Tribuneﬂn a notice of the two new
stories, pointed out a large number of blunders in Rode’s ;—-it also
erred to what it thought incorrect statements in several instances in
' .‘w’s; but, unfortunately for theTribune’s critic, the misstatements
t it alleged were contained in Trow’s existed merely in the imagina-
, n of the writer of the criticism, if we except a single unimportant
“terrient'with reference to a public oﬁicer.”—-Merchants’ Ledger. ‘. «

' traumatic—Wilson & Trow’s new City Directory, contains 25,000.
‘re names than any other City Directory ever published, and equal to
: large octavo- pages. It contains 122.190 names, the largest number

retofor'e in any DirectOry having been 96,560. It has, also, a very

' ‘ -.ngraved map of the city, and other information about streets, pub-

" ' nersons, trade and commerce, most important to everyman

' t is beautifully printed, and in all respects is a Well ap-

rnished work: such as every place of business In

t. ied with at once.-~Ne'w- York Observer. '

 

