. lsvmmmmg; ‘ ’

@piuionz of; if); i'riﬁrrzsecosrmosog ,

mEllie acknowledge with much pleasure the receiptﬂofa‘wcop of the
DIRECTORY OF THE CITY OFE'NEw-YORK, for 18524-3,"compile by H.
-Wilson, and published by John F. Trow, ,49 Ann-st. It contains 650
closely printed pages of names, in double columns, besides a useful‘Ap:
pendlx withnames ofCityOﬂi‘cers, Banks, Insurance Companiesgaiid'ra
complete Street Directory, which in these." days of Places is indispen-
sable to the oldest inhabitant. The utmost pains have been taken to ren-
derthis Directory fulland complete} the paper and execution are good,
and as'far as weihave tested it, we have found it perfectly satisfactory. .
It is to be hoped that the purchasers will be many, and the habitual bar.
. rowers few.”—,—Churchman. - ~ 1 ’ . " ' '
WILSON & TRow’s DIRECTORY. John F. Trow, 49 Ann~s’tre‘et.’ p -
“ The fpalm must be given tothis new candidate in this important and
diﬂicult eld. , Thoughissued with astonishing rapidity, it is more com-
prehensive, and so far as we can judge, more, accurate than any Directo-
ry ever before published. It “has 122,190 names, besides a great-variety
'of other needful information. It is very neatly printed, and arranged
with perspiculty and skill. When the'immense labor of compiling and-
of printing such a work is considered, the publication of a volume so
large, so correct and so handsome as. this, is but little less than marvel-
lous; : The Directory has 'now become an indispensable; it in. great
favor to have it so cheaply and expeditiouslysupplied—New-York
Evangelist. ‘ ' ' . ' , ' ' . . ‘
“This new DireCtory of Messrs. Wilson & TrOw is, the fullest, “most
correct, andbest printed (and, prepared), that has yet beenissuedgk—
Home Journal. ' v > ‘ ’ -:'
“ ‘THE DIRECTORY OF THE CITY OF NEW-YORK, for 1852 and 1853,’ .
compiled by H. Wilson, published by John F. Trow, 49 Ann-street. '
. This is by far the most complete Directory of the year'in every point of
view, and should, by all means, be sustained In preference to the
‘ regular’ edition, which fully sustainsits fame for incorrectness.”—_-
Golden Rule. : , ' ' p -
THE DIRECTORY OF THE CITY OF NEW-YORK, for 1852—1853., Com-
. piledby H. Wilson. New-York: John F. Trow, publisher.+“ This
- Is a very neatly printed Directory, bearing the tokens of being very care-
full compiled. - In point of size of the pages, the number of names?»
eac page, and number of pages, it exceeds any Directory whichbas '
been published in“ New-York; It is estimated that it contains so ,
mntymnd names more than any" previous publication. Wehar
looked over itsp "ges, andso ”far as our acquaintance. extends, have fo '
it perfectly accurate—«Eveline Post. ' . , ' ‘ ’ g
- ‘ WILSON &,TROW’S NEW- ORK CITY DIRECTORY.—NOW that 1\
York contains half a million inhabitants, the compilation of a Direct
is not an insigniﬁcant labor. The materials, for this volume, which c
tains nearly seven hundred octavo pages of names, and a hundred a.
eighty on a pa e, werecollected, arranged, set in type, printed a
bound in about - working days. It is the greatest feat at book-mak
ever performed in this city. This book was published ‘at the time w
it has been usual, heretofore, to send the ﬁrst page of copy to the print
To'accomplish this amount of labor, at least one hundred and forty on
have been employed night and day. It was stated by'the late Mr. -
gett,\when his Directory contained ﬁfty-ﬁve thousand names, t "
copy of manuscript, in successive paces, would extend a mi
the Battery to Canal—street. This Volume has more th
number of names, and its manuscript copy would
from the Battery. to 14th st.”-—-_Boolc Trade.

\

 

