. ‘54:???” '

V. B. P : MBR’S _".A.meri(:ari Newspaper Sub-
seamen and Advertising Agencie- ' » '
' NEW maﬁirﬁtune Buildings. ‘ ‘ ‘~BOSTON-«seemsimitssgmomst.

, PHILADELPHIA-~N.«W. corner Third and Chestnut. '-
“EMBRACES most of the best Commercial, Political, Religious, (Lit-
\ erary, Scientiﬁc, CongreSsional, LegislatiVe, Reformatory, and.
, Agricultural .Journals, Prices Current, &c., in the United States,

British Provmces, 850., forwhich he is the duly appointed Agent”!-
‘ specially'authorized by the Proprietors to receive‘ra’nd receipt fer
SubScfriptions and Advertisements ; [thereby aﬁbrding every facility
for the transaction of business with the best and most widely cir-

culated journals of all the cities and principal towns in the country.

THE Passe—“The power qumd Otter: mind, whiclt maybemultiplied indeﬁnitely.”

, « V. B. PALMER-ﬁlls Agent, is prepared to .giveJalltrequisite infor—
mation on the subject of a complete systemof Anvsﬁmsme- in. the
NEWSPAPERS of the COUNTRY, far, and near,;for which he 'is't‘he an:
thorized Agent. , 7 , _' ., K -

He believes that the material affairs of ’ business transactions
,must be aided and sustained by a proportionate exercise of inteh-
lectual energy; and this intellectual energy should keep pace with-r

' the facilities. by which {the material aﬁ'airs afibusiness (are‘ad’vanced. .»

Every one is now obliged,.if her/would» keep pacewit-h the/times,
to aid his physical exertionsin trade, or whatever business. he may,
be engaged in, by due recoursetto those means by which his busi-

‘ mass may become enerally known. ,This is the intellectual partjof
his business, and-t e Press is thegreat medium through Which-it.
must, at the present day, be developed. ‘ , ,

- ‘ N ow-a-days newspapers are diffused far-and wide ;1 they arerread,
by all, an(Laﬂ‘ord.the only vehicle by which men andestablishments

~ ..

became-2:; generally ,knewn. Atthe: present day, as (yet, this engine.
of inten‘rgenee has notattracted attention commensuratewwith-seo» *
temporary imprOvements, simply because the materiel- of business-
is morepalpable and tangible, and. it will be only by degrees that, a
the power-of the press ,will be: acknowledged (as zeitual’ to that of
steam for the furtherance of~business enterprise; ~ . a
t A} business manmay learn through this agency just What Sour—r
nalsto advertise in, to reach, eﬂ‘ectively and, cheaply, the! sections
wherein his trade may be extended—and adopt. .ajudicions, safe
and'thorough system of advertising; " , , - t . , ' ,ﬂ
g, ' ghebeatnpapers of all sections of the country areeon ﬁle‘atithe Ageneyvfortexmmam '
7 Th? gent isduly em owered tomeeive‘ subscriptions andiadévertisementeat theme.
lishem’ lowest rates. 9 is authorizedvtomeke contractsfand his reeeipts are: regarded
by the proprietors as payments; ' ' V . ‘ .

His extensive connection inbusinessyhis experiencorand practiealknowledge, his long
established Agency forthe best news; sparsin eve part of the United States, and his
systematiciymannerof, advertising; w. ether on a , got smallsealeyqualifyihhnto
im ‘rt valuable‘praéetical informationg'Whiehfis cheerful éeommumeated. V. , . _

._ 7 dVBMments are; skilfully written, without $91??? for thosexwhcm messengers

,encedingthe art, andjmprovements; suggested in sue as arewritten by unpmctrsed

"hands. ‘ ‘- sin 19 copy of an advertisement bully is required, from wheh a suﬁeient num-
ber are in such style as advertiserswis to have them apg er m'the paper-s.

' lie institutions reading room :clu‘ Qs,f&c., as well as

.f-i’nall parts of7 the world,‘.the A .g‘ency presents a con-

. veniei-t, safe—and ready means of subscnbm§lefor thebest Journals.

t t

01:: {ah «Mnifonﬁdvertismg in anyrnumb‘er of most desirable bush-
‘ ‘é‘ws‘pa‘pers; and obtaining Valuable-Information. 4.

new
. l p

\

 

